Q1
I would like to build the strength of character that allows me to stand up when I fall instead of being broken by failure . I understand that not everything will go as planned in life, however, I would like to learn how to overcome downfall with courage and faith in myself. Failure should not define me, instead, it should be a source of growth for me. When others doubt me or judge me, I would like to keep in mind that their opinions do not decide what I do with my life; instead, I make those decisions. I would like to become a person who learns from failure, gets up when I fall, and moves forward with courage and determination. I can use failure as a learning experience and convert pain into fuel for motivation when I rely on myself and my potential as a source of strength instead of fighting alone. Fighting my battles alone will make me stronger and more self-assured as a person who is emotionally self-sufficient. This skill will encourage me to keep in mind that instead of never falling, I will always be able to get up and believe in myself.

Q2
Ambition is a broad desire or drive to achieve success or improve oneself. It reflects what you want to become and fuels motivation over the long term.

Goal setting is the process of turning that ambition into specific, measurable, and achievable targets. It focuses on how and when you will achieve your ambition.

I have a strong ambition to work in leading server and cloud companies as it's my subject of interest like AWS and Google Cloud. This ambition motivates me to continuously improve my technical skills, gain more knowledge in cloud computing, and upgrade related technologies. To achieve this, I am gaining profound knowledge, do internships, and actively participate in competitions which challenge my ability and problem-solving skills. Each internship and competition shall provide me with practical experience and exposure to the industry. Building a strong foundation, being consistent, learning from failures, keeping me updated with new tech, and making sure that when an opportunity arises, I will be able to crack it and turn my ambition into a successful career.

Q3
As a student of BTech, I personally think that setting up solar panels at our college is a very good choice for us. Although some faculty members feel that the setup is expensive, from now on, solar energy will work wonders for our college by saving money substantially.
However, I must mention that once installed, the electricity bill will decrease and the maintenance required will be low.
By using solar energy, it is also proven that our college is environmentally responsible. Solar energy will help in reducing pollution and will also combat climate change. We should set an example in front of our students by being environmentally responsible.
In addition to this, solar energy projects also have the potential to provide learning and employment opportunities for the students. The students can learn skills and gain experience in the solar sector, which would be useful in the future.
Thus, it is obvious that using solar energy would be advantageous to the college as well as the students in numerous ways.

Q4

1. Logical Argument: Low-Cost Benefits of Internships

Internship does not involve high spending on costs. Students are capable of working remotely or parting with their equipment, thus low infrastructure cost. Interns can help employees in test, document, data management, and basic developments. Here, employees will save time and boost their productivity at work. A talent pipeline is created through internships, thus lowering recruitment and training expenditures.

2. Moral Justification(emotional)

As a reputed organization in society, there is a moral obligation on the part of the company towards assisting up-coming generations of engineers. Students must be provided with real-life experience in order to qualify as competent professionals. This form of assistance by the company results in nation building even in times of financial downturns.

The emotional argument in relation to the caring professions generally concerns the effects Interns play a very crucial role in a student’s life. If students do not have interns, they lose confidence and know-how. Many students are from the middle class, and interns are the only source for students to gain motivation and experience. The small amount given by the company can change a student’s life and create a sense of loyalty towards it.

Q5
SWOT - strengths weakness opportunities Threats 
Strengths 
(October)
- Great knowledge in server hardware technologies
(November)
- Highly active in participating in competitions 
(December)
- Good at using AI for making good and usefull projects 

Weakness
(October)
- Not good at communication skills and interacting with new people.
(November)
- Bad health habits leading to disease and injuries 
(December)
- Not maintaining proper sleep cycle and waking up late for college.

Opportunities
(October)
- Got good hackathons and multiple competition for gaining confidence and showcasing my skills
(November)
- Got into connecting with good people for making good connections and helped in networking 
(December)
- Got to learn about managing finance and making a record of financial expenditure.

Threats
(October)
- Getting into a bad peer group as everyone here is new to you and can get into bad situations.
(November)
- Fear of missing out and having to do all which is unrealistic and making mental health worse.
(December)
- Loosing in the crowd as getting distracted in enjoyment.
